Welcome, guys and girls, to another cloud formation with Jenkins lecture.
So if you think about it, the way we created this Jenkins job, you can actually run any cloud formation
because these Jenkins jobs is taking these four parameters.
That stack name will be the name of the stack that you can give here.
So the cloud formation stack name is basically the unique name that each cloud formation template gets
submitted with.
And then let's go over the template name.
So this is the actual confirmation template.
So you can input any template that you want.
And all you need to do is pass the parameters for that template using these properties file.
So you can basically keep these Jenkins job and keep passing different stack name, different template
name and the input input parameter values for the confirmation template.
And then you select a region where it should run that cloud formation and that's it.
So using this generic Jenkins job, you can submit any cloud formation template.
All right, folks, short lecture, but very powerful feature.
I'll see you guys and girls in the next lecture.